hey what's going on guys it's Dave here
and as you can see what the title I've
got a little bit of exciting news a guy
on the internet pointed this out to me
what what you have to do to get through
weapons so I thought I'd try it and
bring it to walls so first things first
you need to have quick revive try not to
go down by and look recover because it
sort of not worth it if you hadn't got
one group of my lap you then need to buy
open everything up so the light out so
you can fall off the lighthouse by dead
shot while the bottle is in your hand
fall off the edge and you'll kill
yourself as you revive yourself when you
get back up again you'll realize that
you actually have no nothing at all on
the screen so don't press any buttons
whatever you do you then need to go to
the nearest gun or whatever gun you want
and by the gonna fall and you will have
a third go throw do sorry guys not very
tight lots of your new work anyway to do
this it's this would work great on
multiplayer explain why in a bit but
these are the soul of the questions I
thought you can ask me can you have a go
the box and still have three weapons yes
you can can you go to the pack a punch
machine know what happens is if you get
pack a punch machine a pack a punch a
gun your while you'll see now you'll put
the gun in and you'll replace what i was
going to holding your hand at the time
when you press X on the pack a punch
machine so just put it neatly you want
to pack a punch things before be smart
about it try and get the SCAP you can
still die by falling with the FC if you
have juggernog so just make sure you
don't get PhD flopper go for ages and
ages have loads points have low to go to
the box get the scavenger upgrade the
scavenger grade the ray gun and then by
the ak-74 you or the mp40 or some other
gun off the wall as you like back up and
that can be you know that that's your
like go back up or point making gun you
can keep buying ammo for and that will
be a brilliant idea but I might you know
it's all via the worst thing is about a
steady just like late guys know is you
can't stab when you have a standing for
whatever reason the stab will not work I
tried swapping huh I tried doing
everything I could but you could not
stab and that was my downfall
unfortunately
to kill i went to stab and i got killed
by a horde of zombies so oh well but i
hope you enjoyed the video guys like it
helps and while you if you guys know of
any other glitches or anything you want
me to the post or try out i'll be free
to give you a shout out this guy didn't
want me to give him a shout out funnily
enough because he said he thought he
might get banned for his channel etc etc
but oh well anyway let me just talk
about the multiplayer aspects of this
and how this is so good because I'm
multiplayer you don't help you have you
know quicker buyers which you know
generally it disappears after a bit
you've got you've got you know you can
get revived constantly so does that mean
that if you go down and the other guy
revives you by Deadshot go down again
and you just keep buying guns that mean
you can have every single gun on a map I
think it could I really really genuinely
think it could so guys what I'm going to
do if you're excited about this I am
going to pick one of my subscribers and
I'm going to get him to join me and I'm
gonna get going to film myself doing
this in a live commentary you probably
won't be able to hear him but you'll be
able to hear me so that's all good and
we'll see if that works how about that
guys sound good right I be Dave and
we've had a nice day bye
you